Yes, how are you all? Welcome to all of you
in tea and code. Sir, we have a unique
thing that I am not able to understand. I am not enjoying it. I am
not getting confidence in logic building. So there are
many ways of logic building and
it is also practiced in many ways
and there are many reasons why you may
not be feeling confident.
I am going to discuss one of the reasons
here in logic building. It is a small one.
You will like knowing it a lot. And probably what
you must have been hearing, you will see it from a new
perspective. The comment target is not too big. Let's
take a target of just 400 comments. Please get it completed
in 24 hours and we will discuss
now why the logic building is not happening.
See, why the logic building is not
happening, there are many reasons for it. Sometimes the
foundation of programming is not clear.
Sometimes the foundation is not clear. So you think that
logic building will happen by doing DSA.
Sometimes you think that it will happen by doing lead coding, it will happen by
doing CP, it will happen by making a project.
Whereas obviously, there
are all these factors in it that all this logic  They
help in building but one
major factor which I personally feel and I
see many teachers who also focus on this thing, it is
not that they are doing bad,
they focus on this thing, this is
called dry run, now this
dry run is not do not repeat yourself, it is
also a good method, it is a good method to
build projects, to
build applications, but here the
dry run that I am talking about is a
simple thing that you write a code and can you
get the output of that code by executing it inside your mind,
this looks very easy but it is a
very challenging task, let me tell you how, in the
environment in which we learn code, we are
taught code in this way that
always run it, get the output, run it,
get the output, this is a good thing, the code should
also run, that is why coding is there,
but many times what happens is that run it, get the
output, run it, get the output, that is
why in dialymit, the pattern printing that everyone is done, the odd-even is
found
This is done so that the code runs
but even before it runs, when you
look at the code, you can execute it in your mind
that ok, this loop is
going from here, ok, the third variable,
this work will happen in the third instance, it will happen in the fourth, this is the
most important thing to come, now you
see, if you always depend on this thing that
till the time the output doesn't come
or I don't execute it, I do
n't know what the code is doing, then I
think you are going to remain weak in logic building even in the future,
so I'm sorry to
say but this is the fact that if a coder,
a programmer is not able to build those logics in his mind, the
main reason for this is that he is
not able to execute the code that he has written in his mind, he is
just writing it inside with his eyes closed,
this is
not right, so please improve this, the
work that is specially given to you, that is, pattern
printing, I have seen that
people who are very weak in pattern printing,
they are weak because they just write
code  They are writing that there is just one x loop,
one y loop, one i loop and one j loop.
They are not able to understand where the loop is
going, which loop is going row wise,
which loop is going length wise,
they are not able to visualize all this and this will
never be visualized if you
hit the output. Yes, this is a fact,
you may find it strange to hear but
specially when you are printing a pattern,
matrix printing, star pattern
printing, there your first goal
should be not to run the output, if you
run without output, if you can execute that code in your mind and see that
this code is written here, then it
means that a complete line will be formed at the top,
one less will be formed in the second row or one more less in the third and then
finally only one star will be formed or its
opposite will happen. If this is not being visualized in the mind, then
you will
never be able to move ahead in logic building. Well,
I will tell you one more fact about this, why is this
important, see, many times when you
build applications at a large level, at a very high
scale.  You will do that, obviously you are not going to go
anywhere, you will definitely
do it, but what happens inside it, when
you write a controller, a functionality,
many times it is not possible to test that functionality,
many times
that functionality depends on three-four things later on,
so every time after writing the code,
execute it and show it by running it,
this is not possible
in big applications because there are dependencies,
you may have to write some more
code along with it, some other user may have to
write its code or your friend may have to write it
in the company, only then you can see whether
my code is running or not,
now that is why many times when tutorials are
made, many people do
not execute it at that point and show it, the
reason for this is that executing it right now means the
whole code will break, it is guaranteed, there will be an error there,
but after reaching a point,
only after it stabilizes, you
can run that project and test it a little,
every 10  It is a fact that the project cannot be tested after writing a line.
Whoever has made a big application knows
that after writing every function, after
writing every 10 lines, you
cannot make the code run. So we will have to change this mindset a
little bit, we will have to
see it from this perspective that always
put the output after writing the code. If
you are in this phase, then you are probably not
able to read the code, you are not able to build its logic properly
here and
until you are not able to do it here, because
see what happens to the code, it is
like maths, once you have seen the answer of maths in the past,
now you already know what the answer is,
once you have picked up someone's key and seen that
okay, let's do it this way, then you already know,
but the main goal of maths was to
disturb the brain a little bit,
you see for yourself whether these steps are happening,
whether the programming is also in the same way,
once your code is executed,
you are not going to see that code again, this is a
fact, but you  You did not even execute it
and first you are predicting
what could be its output
and then if it matches your prediction,
it will give you confidence as well, it will
also make you build the logic, but every time you will execute execute execute with your eyes closed, you will
not read beyond that, now
it is not necessary that whatever I have said is
100% applicable, it is possible that you may disagree with this thing, it
may also be
you should do it, it may not be suitable for you, it may
not be suitable for what some other teacher is teaching, it does not matter, everyone has
different perspective, everyone has
different journey of coding, I thought that
this journey and this incident should be
shared with you on Raw Talk and
you also like these Raw discussions a lot, so it is
possible that this video may have
helped you a little and now after writing the code, you will
try to visualize a little
in your brain, whether you are making a project,
whether you are writing register controller,
login controller  Are you writing a function or you are
writing a basic stack function,
writing a linked list or printing a pattern, and
before executing it, process the entire loop etc. in your brain and
see that it is
happening like this here, this is happening, this will
help you in the future. So,
that's all I wanted to say about this raw video. I hope
you liked it. If you liked it, then
complete your comment target and if you have
n't subscribed, then do it. If you haven't, it's okay, just
forward it. We are not going anywhere. You are
also here, you will come here only.
Okay, yes, we will meet you in the next such
video.